hi everyone this is stephanie manley you
know me from copykat.com but today I am
going through my old Home Economics book
and I'm teaching you how to cook just
like I learned how to cook and today
we're going to cook carrots now I love
to cook carrots they're wonderful
they're inexpensive and they're so easy
to do so we're gonna show you how to
make wonderful buttered carrots today so
the first thing that you need to do is
you need to go ahead and use a peeler
and get the skin off of the carrot so
I'm gonna go ahead and peel these up
okay so now it's time to cut the carrots
and when you cut carrots the first thing
you want to do is you want to just Knick
off this end right here we don't really
use those bottom portions where the
roots actually come out of we just go
ahead and cut this off now if you have a
sad carrot like I do right here you just
go ahead and cut off the portion that's
a little wonky you don't really need to
use that part again just cut off the end
next thing we're gonna do is we're gonna
chop up our carrots now I'm gonna chop
up mine and just a little round pieces
like this you want to do about a half
inch slice or a little bit smaller
okay so when you're cutting your carrot
you don't want to actually use this end
right here so what I do is I just cut
until I get pretty close to the end and
we don't worry about that piece next
thing you need to do is just stick all
of our carrots in a pot right here we
want to go ahead and add some salt you
want to add about a good teaspoon of
salt to these you want to add enough
water to cover the carrots and then you
want to add about a tablespoon of butter
and the next thing we're gonna do is
we're gonna go over to our stovetop and
we're gonna cook these on a low to
medium heat for about 10 to 12 minutes
or until the carrots are soft so let me
show you what you need to do next
so we've cooked our carrots for about 10
to 12 minutes so you can see that now
I'm going to stick a fork in and they're
nice and tender and they're very easy to
pierce oh that's the sign that carrots
are done so if you like go ahead and
serve these up for dinner put them in a
bowl make it all fancy in here you go we
have buttered carrots and that was
really easy so if you enjoy these easier
to cook videos please give me a big
thumbs up so I know that you like these
videos drop me a comment down below of
what recipe you would love to learn how
to cook and thanks for watching